Hello
For example I think Yeah, and today want a little strange reviews
When
Do you know the polarity of the power supply?
8 ordinary household that ac 100 v so-called AC 100 volt power supply
Is it
Because it is so- called exchange of maa
It is always Kofu last- 4 group 4 guknogno
What are you saying ?
The Tteyuu and home of the light rays also said that it is 8 in fact have come electricity to that one
Simply put, one is falling to the ground, that is, it is falling to the house.
That is something outlet of Anomaa power Which I Apart say I was stabbed in Which direction
But
Actually, one side is hot and the other side is cold.
is
It is in, and this is it
It is a fellow who say such a you easily can measure the things I said to electroscope
Even though this it was like a form driver
8 so-called yeah this is better than led here
Kedomo so-called have entered into a battery I can be or measure conduction of things
I can not do this because the code is disappearing. I can do something like this.
is not it
Which is the power supply is that which way it is when you plugged into an electrical outlet is coming power
Air air
You know what you mean by one shot
Then why do you have to do it?
Apart from that, it doesn't matter if you do
It is 8
The other I is Toka that audio products may Yes story
People who are stuck mess in Toka sound quality because such is
The Well extremely good power It is the power itself of audio
I use that power plug that
If you use a power cord that costs hundreds of thousands of yen or hundreds of thousands of yen
I'd come I'm also not MAY Well that this superstition, but the polarity of the power supply
Very this it is when I connect to the contrary is
It is said that the sound quality is degraded
However, there are so-called three pole outlets of that in the West, right?
The so-called Ano
It is a guy with three listed, so if you're sweating properly, if you drop it separately
There should not be such a child problem at all, but
In the case of a two-jack jack like a Japanese outlet, that hot gart cold face
Well put the power together properly
It is good to let me do it . If the number is improved a little, such a thing is said
I will
Just this to mother
I do not know well how much credibility I have
Hmm
I think it is such that there is no by no means a bad thing because the match well but just polarity
If'm nervous to do begin if You're home throughout the outlet everyone such a thing that
Because it will not be
Well I think it's a matter of taste
By the way So you Tteyuu this matter electric or not this matter no etc. Den
This this is it is it
That's around 500 yen That's 500 yen or 2000 yen or 3000 yen
But there is also
Once it was only investigate curve It is enough to be gold of about the 500 yen
Well then let's see that one This is the outlet
We are looking at it a hole in the wall outlet carefully, is in, but I think there is also a person of notice everyone postpartum
One side is long, and one side is boring.
In fact, this is the way it represents this longer hole
It is the so-called earth side
It's the head that falls on the ground and this is the hot side
In other words, 100 people are distributed
So what happens if you measure this?
So Then, like this I will stab the Puchi' to the ground side of the
There is no change otherwise I put it on the side with a little relief
LED was lit
I'm gonna shine this is this hole no at this time
Don't touch the metal parts here and so it is relevant
Here
I do not shine because I'm on the cold side because I'm falling to earth
This is hot but the rail ed will shine This is the outlet side of this outlet
There is a hot here or there is a structure
This is the principle that is, I hole of this long 4 is what is the shorter hole in the cold side hot is
I
Eh This is a construction man by the time I do not care people who will improve
It seems like that
It is said that sometimes it is connected to the opposite if it is poor
So, if you are concerned about it , do a mixed battle of the house and check with these things firmly
I think it would be better
However
As I said
It is 8
I'm doing
I tell you
Compelling If you are audio to which way to dirt floor who to worry about the polarity of the power supply
It is other than such one
not really
Switch to that hand in something that - Electrical stand that it is not I think of only having to worry about
Pointing doing there and I said to match the I and neatly polarity of I say Ah Te Gatsui
If you give it , it is good to prevent that outlet that outlet
It is when we insert outlet of electric stand cherry tree in reverse
In fact, there may be a switch on the cold side, and the installation of the desk lamp is
Then on the stand even when the power is turned off than we are supposed to be the power is flowing
I'm electromagnetic waves out
It is that here shines better if just hot is rewarded with large neatly cut
It would be nice if I cut it properly
So when you turn off the lamp stand it will turn off properly
It's the main part of my feeling, though
Well it might be interesting to check a little
For only 500 yen
Can of household polarity
It was a check
you but is more than I think I do not stand in a too Auditors